CSS pseudo-element:
defined with colon
usually to style a specific part of element, or things like before, after
double colon notation is to distinguish between pseudo classes and pseudo elements

Absolute Sizes:
-Centimeters (cm)
-Millimeters (mm)
-Inches (in)
-Picas (pc) - 12 points or 1/6th of an inch
-Points (pt) - 1/72nd of an inch
-Pixels (px) - 1/96th of an inch
Avoid from cm, mm, in because thos arent consistent throughout all smart devices. pc, pt, px preferred, px is best.

You can also set an absolute size as base for relative sizes.
Relative sizes
-em -based on the font size of that current element
-rem - based on the font size of the html element (16px is default base)
-ex - height of the font's lowercase x-height.
-ch - width of the font's 0 character

relative sizes helps changing sizes for different device consistent.
you can also use screen sizes but not supported in all browsers.
1vh, would be 1%height, and vw would be height.

positioning elements arrangement on page, using box grid.
display property determines if and how an element shows up on the page.
inline elements dont take up entire page
using visibility none actually just makes element invisible.
display none actually pretty much gets rid of it
box elements prefer to have its own line. inline allows it to overlap.
box-shadow allows you to give an element have a shadow and its color, and size can be controlled
the css box model consists of the following, these all count as parts of an element and other elements cant cross over, even the margin.
margin, border, padding, content
margin is basically empty space that can seperate an elements internals from other elements.
border is a line around the element.
padding is a controlled amount of space inbetween the content and the border.
content is what you put inside of the element.
with padding and margin, you can specify which sides of the elements are affect by it.
float property can allow block elements to be positioned on same row of elements.
other elements can float around.
