Good habits:
1.  In a case in which I have to control my time during IXL/Game Time etc. take responsibility and manage it myself: 0%; Why: If I can complete this habit, then I can be responsible about my own time.
2.  Be honest about logs: 0%; Why: Being honest is very important and me being important in logs is just 1 case of being honest.
3.  Always wear a jacket when it is cold in the morning: 9%; Why: Wearing my jacket in the morning will prevent me from getting a cold or getting sick.
4.  When doing work, make sure there are no distractions around: 2%; Why: Having no distractions around while working will allow me to concentrate better while working
5.  When making a project, know everything about it: 2%; Why: This will allow me to have the ability to plan things out beforehand making a project more organized.
6.  After dinner, check if I have anything that needs to be signed/checked: 4%; Why: Checking everyday for forms makes it so I won't forget about any forms.
7.  Plan a project out before taking action: 7%;Why: This will allow me to have the ability to plan things out beforehand making a project more organized.
8.  Don't immediately argue back when someone says something that is against your will: 8%; Why: Arguing back is not respectful and is a bad habit.
9.  Turn of the light after exercise and bathroom light in the morning: 14%; Why: Always turning the light off after leaving a room will save money and power.
10.  Don't read or use a computer in bed: 17%; Why: Using a computer or reading in bed can hurt my eyes.
11.  Pressure the player I am marking on throw-ins: 11%; Why: The player I am marking must be marked firmly so they can't get the ball.
12.  Be wall on corner kicks: 13%; Why: Being the wall will train me to go for the ball instead of dodging it.
13.  Fill my cup with water after I am done with breakfast: 22%; Why: If the cup is put in water, then it will be easier to wash later.
14.  When pressuring the ball, don't run away: 23%; Why: Not pressuring the ball will allow the other team to have more space and time.
15.  Be spread out among your teammates in soccer and don't crowd around them: 30%; Why: Interfering with teammates will have a negative impact on the game.
16.  Make sure my shoelace is tied at all times: 70%; Why: If my shoelace is always tied, I will trip less and not wear out the laces. I will also perform better in soccer if the laces are tied.
17.  If I ever cough or sneeze or have any reaction, put on a jacket: 6%; Why: This will also keep me from getting a cold.
18.  When learning from someone, don't interupt them while they are explaining: ; Why: Interupting someone while they are explaining something is very rude.
19.  Don't always instantly come up with an excuse for something: ; Why: Excuses are not reasons to not do something.
20.  Always thank other people when they do something or give something to/for you: ; Why: Saying thank you is respectful.